vpn/README.md, before:

# Sudo VPN Sample App

## Overview

This project provides examples for interacting with the Sudo VPN iOS SDK on the [Sudo Platform](https://sudoplatform.com/).

## Version Support

| Technology             | Supported version |
| ---------------------- | ----------------- |
| iOS Deployment Target  | 13.2+             |
| Swift language version | 5.0               |
| Xcode version          | 11.0+             |

## Getting Started

To build this app you first need to obtain test keys and a client config file and add them to the project.

1. Follow the steps in the [Getting Started guide](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/getting-started) and in [User Registration](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/users/registration) to obtain a config file (sudoplatformconfig.json) and a TEST registration key, respectively

2. Place both files in the following location with these names:

```
${PROJECT_DIR}/config/sudoplatformconfig.json
${PROJECT_DIR}/config/register_key.private
```

3. Create a text file containing the test registration key ID at the following location:

```
${PROJECT_DIR}/config/register_key.id
```

4. Run `pod install` from the project root

5. Build the app

## More Documentation

Refer to the following documents for more information:

- [Sudo VPN Docs](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/virtual-private-network)
- [Getting Started on Sudo Platform](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/getting-started)
- [Understanding Sudo Digital Identities](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/concepts/sudo-digital-identities)

## Issues and Support

File issues you find with this sample app in this Github repository. Ensure that you do not include any Personally Identifiable Information (PII), API keys, custom endpoints, etc. when reporting an issue.

For general questions about the Sudo Platform please contact [partners@sudoplatform.com](mailto:partners@sudoplatform.com)

Commit message:

Release VPNExample 10.0.0
## 10.0.0

### New

- Updated to version 10.0.0 of the Sudo VPN SDK for iOS

### Fixed

- Dependency updates

vpn/README.md, after:

# Sudo VPN Sample App

## Overview

This project provides examples for interacting with the Sudo VPN iOS SDK on the [Sudo Platform](https://sudoplatform.com/).

## Version Support

| Technology             | Supported version |
| ---------------------- | ----------------- |
| iOS Deployment Target  | 13.0+             |
| Swift language version | 5.0               |
| Xcode version          | 12.0+             |

## Getting Started

The Sudo VPN SDK that this sample demonstrates is only available from a private Pod repository. Before proceeding you will need to obtain access to this repository by contacting [partners@sudoplatform.com](mailto:partners@sudoplatform.com).

To build this app you first need to obtain test keys and a client config file and add them to the project. 

1. Follow the steps in the [Getting Started guide](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/getting-started) and in [User Registration](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/users/registration) to obtain a config file (sudoplatformconfig.json) and a TEST registration key, respectively

2. Place both files in the following location with these names:

```
${PROJECT_DIR}/config/sudoplatformconfig.json
${PROJECT_DIR}/config/register_key.private
```

3. Create a text file containing the test registration key ID at the following location:

```
${PROJECT_DIR}/config/register_key.id
```

4. Set the SUDOVPN_SDK_REPO environment variable to the Sudo VPN for iOS SDK private Pod repository location

5. Run `pod install` from the project root

6. Build the app

## More Documentation

Refer to the following documents for more information:

- [Sudo VPN Docs](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/virtual-private-network)
- [Getting Started on Sudo Platform](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/guides/getting-started)
- [Understanding Sudo Digital Identities](https://docs.sudoplatform.com/concepts/sudo-digital-identities)

## Issues and Support

File issues you find with this sample app in this Github repository. Ensure that you do not include any Personally Identifiable Information (PII), API keys, custom endpoints, etc. when reporting an issue.

For general questions about the Sudo Platform please contact [partners@sudoplatform.com](mailto:partners@sudoplatform.com)
